STAR WARS

The Forcewinds of Iloa


The Galaxy has always been the precipice between light and howling darkness… At the brink between order and chaos they have stood for thousands of years, The Jedi Order, Warriors who sworn to use their manifest gifts and abilities to keep the whims of those with ambition and without conscience from preying on the innocent. In all the history of the Galaxy they have been beacons of hope for untold billions...But even within this order of righteous warriors, there are those who fall short, who fail to uphold the oaths to the order for which they are sworn,

Who for all their might yet fall short of the burdensome demands of their noble calling. They are the Barashi. A sect of fallen and forsworn jedi warriors whose great sacrifice is tainted by failure. For such failure as this there is but one punishment: Discharge and pentiance. A lifetime of it. 


Only in great need of the Jedi order would the Barashi leave their exile, and only twice in the Recorded history of the Jedi have Barashi crept from the edges of the page to stand again in the light and love of their fellow jedi. For they are the banished, the forgotten of the Force.

On the Planet Epicanthix..at the Edge of known space a group of these Forsworn Warriors find themselves at the beginning of their lifelong exile.

Found guilty by their own admissions to the council for their various crimes, and at the edge of the galaxy these Forsworn Jedi would kneel one last time before the feet of a Jedi master, who would be the last Jedi to see them alive, they would be left to the will of the force to begin their lifelong sentence… but not before each of them would hear one word in their mind “Iloa”, Each and every Barashi who heard this voice would be awakened deep in the night, Beckoned by some unknown voice to venture alone into the Jungles of Epicanthix, beckoned to the waters of a mystical font that they knew they must drink from to begin a tale of valour, never to be written...