

Talons of the Hawk-Bat
Cost: 7 FP
Mins:  Ataru 1, Dexterity 3, Melee/Martial Arts 3, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Passive, Scene
Duration:  5 Ticks
Prerequisite Charms: none
The Duelist may add his Ataru as automatic successes to his damage against an opponent in Kai Kan if he has at least one threshold success in his accuracy roll. This technique may be cast once as a substitute for stepping into form stance. 


Furious Glower
Cost: 8 FP + (1 WP/1 Token)
Mins: Ataru 1, Dex 3, Me/MA 4, FS 3
Type: Supplemental w/ Strike
Duration: Strike Speed
Prereq: Talons
Supplement any attack with a lightsaber that does Aitizen damage to provoke the opponent into a Dex+Ataru vs. Dex+(Opp. Style) Contest, If you win the contest you give your opponent Disadvantage against you. 


Adepts Cut
Cost: 6 FP (1 WP/1 Token Optional)
Mins: Ataru 1, Dex 3, Me/MA 4, FS 3
Type: Simple, Supplemental
Duration: 4 Ticks
Prereq: Talons
Simple attack that Does a minimum of your ataru in damage if blocked. If you add 1 WP or 1 Token to the cost,The following occurs:
* If your opponent blocks this attack they are sent reeling back ataru spaces and must make a Dex+Ath check (Diff Ataru) to not gain disadvantage until abandoning form stance and reentering.
*  If they Dodge this attack they must make a Dex+Ath check at Diff Ataru, or lose advantage.


*Talons Flash Flurry
Cost: 11 FP + (1 WP/1 Token)
Mins: Ataru 1, Dex 4, Me/MA 3, FS 3
Type: Simple 
Duration: 4 ticks
Prereq: Adepts Cut
The Practitioner Flurries at up to as many distinct targets as the rate of their weapon will allow. Rolling flurry penalties do not apply for this attack. 


Rising Flash Kick
Cost: 6 FP, 1 wp (Difficulty 4 Dex+Acrobatics)
Mins:  Ataru 2, Athletics 4, Dex 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:  SaberLock, Rising
Duration: 1 tick
Prerequisite Charms:Talons of the Hawk Bat.
The Hawk-Bat is a flighty creature indeed. This Technique may be used to cancel any Saberlock or rise from a prone position by reflexively by executing a rising front kick accompanied by a backflip sending ones opponent back and forcing them to suffer a knockdown check Diff Ataru. 


*Talons Claw Strike
Cost: 2 FP
Mins: Ataru 2, Dex 4 , Me/MA 4 FS3
Type: Simple
Prerequisite: Rising flash kick
The Hawkbat style follows the lethal hunting posture of the hawk bat and the practitioner strikes out with a simple strike that takes 4-Ataru (minimum of 1) ticks to resolve. 


*Talons Claw Flurry
Cost: 10 FP + (1 wp/1 Token)
Mins: Ataru 2, Dex 5, Me/MA 4
Type: Simple, Flurry, Selective AOE
Prerequisite: Talons Claw Strike
The Practitioner Flurry’s with a devious spin that hits all targets within 1 hex at the rate of his weapon. This flurry resolves in 7-Ataru ticks. 


*A Wind Running Flurry
Cost: 12 FP
Mins:  Ataru 2, Athletics 5, Dex 4,
Type:  Simple
Duration: Instant
Prerequisite Charms:Talons Claw Flurry
The Duelist’s Lightsaber whirls a crescendo of musical fury and executes a number of simultaneous acrobatic maneuvers (which may be stunted), For each individual stunt (Difficulty 5 min) the duelist may..
    -  Reduce the penalty for each flurried strike by your (Ataru lvl) 
* Increase the maximum number of flurry’s strikes increased to a maximum of the number of executed stunts.
*  The duelist may also add successes made on a Dex+Athletics roll to increase the accuracy of each strike in the flurry.
*  (Spend a token to add the difficulty of the Acrobatics + Ataru to the  rolls to damage)




Reprimanding Swipe
Cost: 6 FP (Difficulty 3 Dex+ATh roll)
Mins:  Ataru 2, Athletics 5, Dex 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:  Reflexive, Supplemental, Disadvantaging.
Duration: 2 Tick
Prerequisite Charms: Wind running flurry
After a successful parry from an opponent the duelist takes the energy of the impact of the enemies strike to execute a blindingly fast sideswipe kick technique aimed at the head of the opponent, This strike does bashing damage and deactivates the wielders lightsaber if they fail a Dex+ Ath check as well as placing practitioner behind his opponent. The successes on this technique will be resisted by the opponents Parry or Dodge DV. While only being a two tick action. This action may be used to cancel a flurry or any other physical strike. This technique may also be used immediately after Flash Kick to further cause an opponent to fall down.




Eyes of the Hawk-Bat
Cost: 6 FP
Mins:  Ataru 1, Dexterity 3, Melee/Martial Arts 3, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Reflexive
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms: Precog
After or during any Athletics check during Kai Kan, the duelist may re-roll any of his pre battle rolls by spending 2 FP per check. Additionally the duelist may also substitute any defensive rolls to simple attacks in combat with (5/Ataru FP) flat cost to guarantee a dodge of the attack. All saberlock rolls now use Dexterity after purchase of this technique as long as you are in Ataru stance.


Inclement Evasion
Cost: 6 FP + (1 Token/1WP)
Mins: Ataru 1, Dexterity 4, Melee/Martial Arts 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Saberlock, Telegraph
Duration: Instant.
Prerequisite: Eyes
During a Saberlock after the first quick contest, the duelist may activate this charm to use provoke a second contest where they may add their dodge DV to their saberlock roll to gain control, Or simply cancel the saberlock entirely be seemingly “phasing” through their opponents torso and appearing behind them. Provoking their opponent to make a Dex+Athletics roll to retain their feet at difficulty Ataru. 


Winged Flickering Prescience
Cost: 3 FP per incoming attack (Max Ataru +2)
Mins: Ataru 1, Dex 4 Melee/Martial Arts  4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Telegraph
Duration: 7 Ticks
Prerequisite: Inclement Evasion, Force Speed
The Duelist’s visage flashes with the power of the force as if flows through their technique and begins to vibrate in response to an attack or flurry. For each successful attack against the duelist they will add +1 to a Difficulty 3 to a list Dex+Athletics roll equal to the number of incoming attacks. After the opponent has finished their attack(s) the duelist will attempt a number of rolls at the specified difficulty, successful rolls allow a dodge of the corresponding attack, failed stunts result in damage.


Daring Visage
Cost: 5 FP + 1 Token
Mins: Ataru 2, Dex 4 Ath 4 Presence 3, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Simple (Must be done in conjunction with a stunt to a different surface or terrain)
Duration: Scene
Prerequisite: Winged Flickering Prescience, Mind Trick
With a devilish smile, The Duelist's gaze becomes a daring enticing invitation for their opponent to “out-perform” the duelist's acrobatic bravura. 
While this scene long technique is active the duelists opponent must stay within their move of the duelist and traverse the same terrain that the duelist traverses within their next turn or lose advantage or 1 willpower from embarrassment (opponents choice), this effect resolves anytime the duelist leaves the move radius of their opponent. If an opponent is reduced to 0 WP during the use of this technique, Kai Kan is concluded and the opponent is returned to 1 WP and the opponent must spend the Duelists Ataru in WP to resume combat.
Requiring them to channel corresponding virtue in order to pursue them onto precarious or dangerous terrain and surroundings. The Opponent must channel a corresponding virtue or spend willpower to continue the fight on “their” terrain. 


Ataru Perfect Dodge
Cost: 5 FP per use 
Mins: Ataru 2, FS 3 Me/MA 4, Dodge 5
Prereq: Talons, Eyes, Fury, Force Speed
Duration: Reflexive
Keywords: Perfect Dodge
A master of Ataru pours his focus and dodges any incoming non-forceful attack, you do not suffer from onslaught penalties after the resolution of this technique. For 5 FP A master dodges any incoming attack while he is in Ataru Stance by spending 5FP and stunting his defense. 






Wingspan Strike
Cost: 7 FP + 1 WP + (1 Token, Optional)
Mins: Ataru 3, Dex 5, Ath 6 FS 3
Type: Supplemental w/ Simple Strike
Duration: 6 Ticks
Prerequisite: Daring Visage
This technique supplements a normal attack action with a “flash-step” made by the practitioner against a target up to Ataru+Max Movement hexes away. This technique makes the simple melee attack of the practitioner a “ranged” attack for all intents and purposes. Saberlock declarations may not be made against you unless you are brought within the acceptable range of a melee attack before your opponent's action. Take a movement action before the combat phase of your turn with your movement increased by your Ataru, Strike a target up to your Ataru+Dex away and take a second movement phase after your attack (Spend an Ataru token to supplement a Flurry with Wingspan strike) 




Twirl of the Fates
Cost: 3 FP per use, 
Mins:  Ataru 3, (Difficulty 3+ Dex+Ath roll,), Melee/Martial 5, Dexterity 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Simple, Telegraph
Duration: Move action determined
Prerequisite Charms: Eyes of the Hawk Bat, Fury of the Hawkbat
This technique allows the duelist to move through the air as though he were suspended on wires, and leaping off of invisible surfaces. Adding to his Dodge DV or Parry DV to the die pool of all Dex+Athletics Rolls. The limitations of Aerial Awareness are now doubled and you can now quadruple jump chaining 4 aerial techniques together, staying in the air up to Ataru consecutive turns as long as you continue to stunt at a difficulty of (3+)



Fury of the Hawk-Bat
Cost: 6 FP per activation
Mins:  Ataru 2, Dexterity 3, Melee/Martial Arts 3, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Reflexive
Duration:  7 ticks
Prerequisite Charms: none
While this technique is activated, every offensive blow that does aitizen damage to the duelist's opponent. will cause him to either perform a dex+athletics check in order to retain his feet, or a Dex+martial arts/melee roll to force the opponent to retain his or her weapon (duelist choice)
If at any time the opponent is to fail their checks they lose their feet and are knocked prone. Or to suffer a (Ataru-3 minimum of 1) of weapon retention rolls (Diff Ataru).


*Wheeling Windmill Disarm 
Cost: 6 FP 
Mins:  Ataru 3, (Difficulty 3 Ath roll,), Melee/Martial 5, Dexterity 4, Force Sensitivity 4
Type:  Reflexive, Defensive
Duration: Instant
Defense: Dodge DV
Prerequisite Charms: Fury of the Hawk Bat
THis is a 2 tick action that can be done directly after an attack to attempt to disarm an opponent after they have already landed his attack. After an opponent has resolved an attack, Roll a quick attack at your opponent’s lightsaber (Difficulty should be modified to strike the lightsaber in your opponent’s hand with a kick) you may spend a willpower to execute a kick to attempt to disarm the opponent sending his lightsaber dex+martial arts yards away in a high flying arc. All Resisted by dodge DV. If you fail to execute the stunt or the technique this technique has no effect.


Ataru Sun Djem
Cost: 7 FP + 1 Token (Dex. vs Dex Check), Advantage
Mins:  Ataru 3, Melee/Martial 5, Dexterity 4, Force Sensitivity 4 
Type: Simple
Duration: Speed of Weapon
Prerequisite Charms; Fury of the Hawkbat, Wheeling Windmill Disarm
When a duelist wishes to end his duel and permanently disarm his opponent. He must have advantage, then he may execute this technique to supplement any normal attack to strike directly at the hilt of his opponent’s lightsaber/weapon. A quick contest of Dex vs. Dex is done after which the duelist may make a simple strike resisted by opponents passive defenses. If the strike lands the opponent's lightsaber is cut in two. GM ruling on how unique lightsabers are cleft in twain. If technique fails, you gain disadvantage.


*Hawk Blur-step
Cost: 10 FP, Advantage
Mins: Ataru 3, Me/MA 5, Dex 5, FS 4
Type: Reflexive
Duration: 2xAtaru Ticks
Prereq: Ataru Sun Djem, 
A duelist with advantage is difficult to target. The duelist veils themselves with devious speed of the force and forces all opponents to synchronize their movements with theirs in order to attack. All opponents must pass a Dex+Athletics check (Diff Ataru) to target you with attacks. This Attack requires but does not consume Advantage. Incoming attacks are still subject to your PDV/DDV to hit you. 


*Hawk’s Mastersweep
Cost: 13 FP (1 WP /1 Token)
Mins: Ataru 3, Me/MA 5, Dex 5
Keywords: AOE Disadvantaging
Type: Simple or Defensive AOE Strike
Duration: 4 ticks
Prereq: Hawk’s Dive
This Technique can be used as a reflexive Defensive OR Simple Offensive AOE strike against all opponents within 1 hex. Roll a simple attack against each opponent. If they successfully parry, you may spend one token to each opponent and give those opponents disadvantage against you. Unblocked strikes resolve normally.


Fate Weaving Slip
Cost: 10 FP + 1 WP + (Diff 3 Ath Roll)
Mins: Ataru 3, Me/MA 5, Dex 4
Type: Reflexive
Prereq: Wheeling Windmill Disarm
Duration: Instant
This technique allows the duelist to attempt an Athletics check at a difficulty equal to the number of opponents in the tick order between them and the desired destination tick, instantly placing themselves there in the turn order on tick 1 in the turn order regardless of their current position or elapsed turn ticks.


*Fate Weaving Shunt
Cost: 13 FP + Channel
Mins: Ataru 3, FS 4, Me/MA 5
Type: Simple
Prereq: Fate Weaving Slip, Force Speed
Duration: 4 Ticks
Def: Sense+Awareness
Keywords: Turn Movement
With a twist of the duelist's body, The duelist performs a stunted kick aimed at the legs or standing appendages of their opponent provoking a contested roll Dex+Ath vs. Sense+Awareness check to attempt to block. If the attack lands the duelist may place their target up to Ataru ticks forward in the turn order.


*Hawk Flash Step
Cost: 18 FP + 1 Channel + 1 Token 
Mins: Ataru 5, FS 5 Me/MA 6
Type: Reflexive
Duration: 0 Ticks 
Defense: Per+Awareness
Prereq: Fate Weaving Shunt, Force Speed 
In the blink of an eye the duelist flash steps a minimum of their full move away, ignites their lightsaber and executes a simple strike against all targets in their movement path, If the duelist wins a quick contest of Ataru + Awareness against the highest defensive die pool amongst his targets, on success, the attack resolves as a surprise round against all targets and Precog does not apply. You may use this charm to enter Ataru stance. Successfully executing this technique places you behind your opponent if it does damage. otherwise this technique places you in front of your opponent. On Failure - Precog does *can* apply for the corresponding target and if the attack is parried by any target in the attack path successfully the duelist is placed in front of the parrying target.


Ataru Aerial Awareness
Cost: N/A
Mins:  Ataru 3, Dexterity 5, Melee/Martial Arts 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Passive
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms: Double Dodge
You may now generate Ataru tokens by Successfully completing Difficulty 4 or higher stunts while in form. Knowing this technique makes it possible for you to enter the Ataru stance while in midair.


*Double Dodge
Cost: (10-Ataru) FP + (1 WP/1 Token)
Mins:  Ataru 3, Dexterity 4, Melee/Martial Arts 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Reflexive
Duration:  Instant
Prerequisite Charms: Talons, Eyes or Fury of Hawk Bat
Use this reflexive technique to stunt and dodge any attack.


*Flip Strike Chain
Cost: 12 FP
Mins:  Ataru 3, Dexterity 4, Melee/Martial Arts 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Simple
Duration: 6 Ticks
Prerequisite Charms: Ataru Aerial Awareness
Flurry with a series of up to Ataru + FS front flip strikes. Each flip must pass a diff 3 Dex+Ath check. The number of successful Front Flips the duelist performs correspond with a single simple strike that may target any enemy in a path along your maximum move. Strikes may target the same opponent and you are not limited to the rate of your weapon.



*Launch Sweep
Cost: 8 FP, (1 Token/1 WP)
Mins:  Ataru 4, Dexterity 5, Melee/Martial Arts 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Simple, AOE
Duration:  Instant
Prerequisite Charms: Flip Strike Chain
Provoke a Perception+Awareness (Diff Ataru) roll on your opponents within one Hex, All opponents that fail their check have their feet swept out from underneath them with such force that they are sent airbourne for 5 ticks and they have broken form if they cannot land on their feet (Dex+Ath Diff Ataru). Duelists must be on firm ground to use this Technique.




Aerial Dynamism
Cost: 6 FP + (1 WP/1 Token)
Mins: Ataru 5, Dexterity 5, Me/MA 5, FS 5
Type: Reflexive, Supplemental, Movement
Duration: N/A - Supplements Move action
Prereq: Launch Sweep, Force Jump, Force Telekinesis, Force Leap
This technique allows you to ignore the detriments of being airborne while in Kai Kan, This technique allows the duelist to leap off of thin air and chain nearly impossible aerial techniques together without having to touch solid ground. or to simply move twice your maximum move in a radius using a force jump without breaking form apparently levitating in the air. As long as the duelist pays the cost of this technique while they are airborne they act as though they are on solid ground and may move in any 3D direction up to their maximum move.


Jinrai Stance
Cost: 2 FP
Mins: Ataru 4, Dex 6, Me/MA 6, Presence 4, Force Sensitivity 5
Type:Supplemental, Stance
Keywords: Telegraph, Reflexive, Jinrai
Duration: Until Cancelled
Activation: 3 tick 
Prerequisite: Fury, Eyes or Talons, Force Speed
The Duelist inverts their grip on their lightsaber and adopts the stance of the Jinrai Variant of Ataru. This variant of Ataru is incompatible with techniques outside of the Ataru Jinrai Style.
* Your lightsabers rate decreases by 1
* Your Lightsabers Speed decreases by 1, (Min 1)
* Duelists and Opponents may only parry Jinrai style attacks by rolling their PDV as a die pool in quick contests. Duelists and Opponents may dodge attacks normally. 
* Duelists attacking from Jinrai Stance with advantage ignore all soak regardless of their opponents disadvantage.


Jinrai-Sho Aurek
Cost: 4 FP 
Mins: Ataru 4, Me/MA 6
Keywords: Jinrai
Type: Reflexive/Defensive
Prereq: Jinrai Stance
Duration: Instantaneous
After winning a quick contest for defense against an attack. The practitioner may spend the cost after they successfully dodge an attack and execute a reflexive counterattack. 


Jinrai-Sho Besh
Cost: 1 WP + 1 Token
Mins: Ataru 4 Me/MA 6, Presence 4
Keywords: Advantage
Type: Simple
Duration: 3 ticks
Prereq: Jinrai Aurek
The Duelist snarls and adopts a cruelly postured position as they eye up their opponent. The duelist rolls a quick contest of Dex+Presence vs. Dex + Presence against a single opponent. If the duelist wins the quick contest, One of the following: 
1 .They gain advantage 
2. Grant disadvantage to that opponent.
Nothing occurs if the duelist loses the quick contest.


Jinrai-Sho Cherek “Vampiric Defense”
Cost: 9 FP per activation.
Mins: Ataru 4, Me/MA 6
Type: Reflexive/Defensive/Supplemental 
Duration: Instantaneous
Prereq: Jinrai Besh
When this technique is used to supplement your defense, every dodged/parried attack against the duelist adds the opponents “margin of failure” to an imaginary stack of “automatic successes” that clears after combat when this technique is activated. These collected auto-successes may be used to increase the successes of any Ataru technique by increasing the cost of that technique by 1 WP. All threshold successes may be used in any combination to supplement the roll of that technique as long as they are collected this way. 


Jinrai-Sho Cresh
Cost: 7 FP
Mins: Ataru 4, Me/MA 7
Type: Supplemental, Defensive, Aitizen Regen
Prereq: Jinrai Cherek
After successfully dodging an attack, activate this technique to regain your  threshold successes x 1d(ataru) Aitizen instantaneously.


Jinrai-Sho Stagger Strike
Cost: 7 FP + (1 Token, Optional)
Mins: Ataru 4, Me/MA 7
Type: Reflexive, Turn Order Moving, Disadvantaging
Duration: 2 ticks
Prereq: Jinrai Cresh
Successfully landing at least two damaging strikes against one's opponent in a row, the duelist may activate this technique to supplement a third consecutive strike with a chance to stagger their opponent and grant disadvantage.The Duelist and the opponent make a contested Dex+Athletics check. If the Opponent Fails, they are set back a number of ticks in the turn order equal to the duelist's margin of success as they are staggered, The opponent is knocked prone, The Duelist's failure has no consequence. Spend 1 WP and 1 Token to Give disadvantage.


Jinrai Whisperstrike
Cost: 15 FP + 1 Channel (GM Discretion depending on Lethality Preference) + All Aitizen + Consumes Advantage
Mins: Ataru 5, Me/MA 7, Stealth 7, FS 5
Type: Incapacitating/ Instant Kill
Duration: 1 Tick
Prereq: Stagger Strike
The duelist provokes a Dex vs. Presence quick contest with a single targeted opponent If they succeed, they follow it up with a quick contest of Man+Stealth vs Per+Awareness if the duelist succeeds at both contests. They deliver a single fast attack sneaking a shoto past the defenses of an unsuspecting opponent. This attack consumes advantage and is undetectable if both quick contests are won by the duelist, The Whisperstrike targets a vital organ and does the duelists remaining Aitizen in Lethal Damage. This damage may be soaked depending upon the armor of the opponent. This technique only kills if a Dark Side virtue is channeled to cast it. Otherwise, if the opponent's entire Aitizen or Health levels are consumed by the attack, the opponent is immediately reduced to incapacitated health levels.


Jinrai Slipstroke 
Cost: 7 FP + 7 Aitizen
Mins: Ataru 6, Me/MA 7, Dexterity 7, Presence 5
Keywords: Supplemental, Combo-OK
Type: Reflexive,Supplemental
Duration: N/A 
Prereq: All Jinrai Techniques
After having mastered the Jinrai Ataru style, a duelist may use the signature kinetic style of a jinrai strike to deliver a deceptively “soft” strike with the potential to slip past the guard of an unsuspecting opponent. Supplement any strike while in Ataru form to force your opponent to roll their passive defenses as a quick contest against their incoming attack instead of using the passive value as a defense. 



Ataru Mastery
Cost: 10 FP + (1 WP/1 Token)
Mins:  Ataru 7, Dexterity 7, Melee/MA 6, Force Sensitivity 4, Athletics 6, Awareness 6
Type:Simple, Mastery
Duration: Scene
Prerequisite Charms: All Jinrai-Sho and Hawk Bat Techniques.
This Technique may be used to step into Ataru stance. This technique
Count’s as a simultaneous activation of all three of Fury, Talons and Eyes and all effects resolve upon entering Ataru.
 While this technique is active:
* You give disadvantage to up to 7 opponents fighting against you in Kai Kan that you designate. 
* You may add your Ataru to your die pool to attempt any acrobatic stunt in form. 
* You may now use Ataru perfect dodge to dodge Forceful Attacks. If you are targeted by a Forceful AOE and you have the movement to leave the area, you may dodge that attack. You may also use perfect dodge to “dodge” detection in stealth while in form.
*  You may now Spend 10 FP + (1 WP/1 Token) to change your position in space to any point space in the scene that you could get to with a single move action instantaneously. This cancels any ongoing techniques.
*  Jinrai Techniques may now be performed without any specific type of Lightsaber and without adopting the hybrid stance. 
* The Speed of all your Simple attacks are now 2 ticks in any style.
* Jinrai Cherek stack may be used in other styles.
* In addition to any successful Dodge while in Ataru Stance - an Ataru master may optionally make a Dex+Athletics check, if they succeed with a number of successes equal to or greater than the margin of failure of the dodged attack, they may reposition themselves within Ataru hexes of their opponent at no additional cost.


Your Focus Determines your Reality: 
Cost: 25 FP + Channel
Prerequisite: Ataru Mastery
Type: Reflexive
Mins: Ataru 7
Type: Scene
Your Force Sensitivity and Parry DV are added to your Dodge DV for the remainder of the Scene for all incoming lightsaber attacks. All incoming ranged attacks are returned to their sources if parried including lightsabers which may provoke a simple attack (GM discretion). You no longer suffer from onslaught penalties from ranged attacks against you from enemies outside Kai Kan and your maximum move is doubled.


Drallig’s Master Footwork Riddle
Cost: 15 FP + 1 WP + (1 Token per Style Targeted)
Mins: Ataru 7, Shii-Cho 7
Type: Reflexive, Defensive
Duration: Scene
The Riddles of the greatest Ataru Swordsman of all time contain a secret to each of the other forms of Lightsaber combat. Whisper the riddle and follow in the footsteps of one of the great masters of Kai Kan. Designate any single opponent and a Form Stance of Kai Kan. For the remainder of the scene that opponent maintains Disadvantage while they are in that form stance.



Drallig’s Thousand Strikes
Cost: 25 FP + Channel (GM Discretion)
Mins:  Ataru 7, (Difficulty 7 Ath roll,) Force Sensitivity 5, Force Speed
Type: Simple 
Keywords: Secret, Mastery
Duration: 17 ticks (3 tick activation, followed by 14 (1-tick) attacks)
Prerequisite Charms: Ataru Mastery, Your Focus determines your reality.
Invented by one of the greatests Kai Kan Duelists of all time, The Duelist becomes motionless for 3 ticks and uses a hybrid version of force speed with such mastery that it falls in perfect harmony with the movements of the Ataru. Suddenly the practitioner is a blur as he strikes on every tick for 14 ticks, suffering no penalties for flurries. The duelist carries a Difficulty of their Alter*Ataru to Sense+Awareness to be targeted while this technique is  active.