
Diplomats Style - Corbex Sho
Corbex-Sho Aurek
Cost:  5 FP
Mins: Niman 1, Manipulation 3, Melee/Martial Arts 4, ForceSensitivity 3
Keywords: Simple
Duration:Instant 
Prerequisite: None
Add your Parry DV+Niman to your “to hit” die pool of your next attack.


Back Parry
Cost:  4 Aitizen
Mins:  Niman 1, Dexterity 3, Melee/Martial Arts 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type: Reflexive
Duration: Instant
Prerequisite Charms: Corbex-Sho Aurek
Allows you to reflexively spend a Niman token and block an attack coming from directly behind you while you are in stance


Corbex-Sho Besh
Cost: 5 FP or 1 Niman Token
Mins: Niman 1, Strength 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Duration: Instant
Prerequisites: Corbex Sho Aurek
Spend 5 FP to negate Aitizen damage from one lightsaber attack and shift it onto the damage that will be done with the next strike that  lands and does damage successfully against the practitioner. (does not protect from techniques that remove limbs or break form)


Corbex-Sho Cherek
 Cost:  7 FP
Mins:  Niman 1, Stamina 3, Melee/Martial Arts 4, ForceSensitivity 3
Keywords: Reflexive
Duration:  Instant
Prerequisite: Corbex-Sho Besh
For any Defense Roll that does not suit your purposes you may use this technique to re-roll that roll as many times as you have Niman Levels. Take the best of the results. 


Corbex-Sho Cresh
Cost: 6 FP (Difficulty 3 Dex+ATh roll)
Mins:  Niman 1, Athletics 5, Dex 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:  Reflexive, Supplemental Defensive
Duration: 1 Tick
Prerequisite Charms:Corbex Sho Cherek
After a successful parry from an opponent the duelist takes the energy of the impact of the enemies strike to execute a blindingly fast sideswipe kick technique aimed at the head of the opponent, This strike does bashing damage and deactivates the wielders lightsaber if they fail a Dex+ Ath check as well as placing practitioner behind his opponent. The successes on this technique will be resisted by the opponents Parry or Dodge DV. While only being a two tick action. This action may be used to cancel a flurry or any other physical strike. This technique may also be used immediately after Flash Kick to further cause an opponent to fall down


Corbex-Sho Dorn 
Cost:  10 FP
Mins:  Niman 1, Dexterity 3, Melee/Martial Arts 4, Force Sensitivity 4
Type:  Supplemental
Keywords: Reflexive
Duration:  Instant
Prerequisite Charms: Corbex-Sho Cresh
This charm lets you reroll all damage done in Kai Kan to apply a second time as a reflexive action as long as the form is still active after any attack. (Spend a Token to roll to stack existing advantage rolls for a maximum of 3 rerolls for damage)

Jar’Kai Tension Block
Cost: 4 FP
Mins Niman 2, Dex 3 Melee/Martial Arts 3
Type Simple
Duration: Instant
This technique allows a practitioner to block an incoming attack with crossed blades. And on a successful block to slide each blade away in a sweeping motion causing the opponent to pass a Dex+Athletics check on their next action or they are set back  five ticks of action and set back Niman hexes in the direction of the blockers choosing. 


Jar’Kai Twin Slash
Cost: 4 FP
Mins: Niman 2 , Dex 3 Melee/Martial Arts 3
Type: Simple
This Technique can be used as a normal action to throw a lightsaber into a strike and if it is successfully blocked to follow it up with a second slash with your opposing lightsaber that can be blocked at a Niman penalty.


Jar’Kai Dynamo Flurry
Cost: 3 FP 
Mins: Niman 2, Dex 3, Melee/Martial Arts 3
Type: Simple
Activation: 7 ticks
This Technique allows a practitioner of the Jar Kai Dynamo Style to Flurry twice in a single attack action. 
 
*Niman Dual Wielding Expertise
Cost: 5-Niman FP per extra target (minimum cost of 1 FP per target)
Mins: Niman 2, Dex 3, Melee/Martial Arts 3, 
Type: Simple, Dual Saber
Activation: 5 Ticks
This Technique allows the Duelist to strike with their lightsabers at up to the number of distinct targets that are within 1 hex and equal to the number of lightsabers they are wielding. All simple attacks may now target up to this number of targets adjacent to the duelist with each Simple Strike. 


Jar’Kai Ascension
Cost: 13 FP + 1 WP
Mins: Niman 2, Dex 3, Melee/Martial Arts 3
Type: Reflexive
Duration: Instant
Prereq: Lightsaber Throw, Jar’Kai Dynamo, Force Repulse
The Practitioner may choose as a defensive action to release their lightsabers and twirl once 360 degrees as their blades twirl and orbit their body twice while a bubble of repulsing force energy deflects any normal non-forceful incoming attack. 


 Jar’Kai Succorous Insight
Cost:7 FP
Mins: Niman 2, Dex 4 Melee/MA 4, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:Reflexive
Duration: Instant + (flight time)
Prereq: Lightsaber Throw, Jar’Kai Ascension
The Practitioner may choose to Strike at Their own  lightsaber not currently in their hand on the blade, after a Strength+Martial arts check (difficulty is decided by the GM) This Blade then spins off against the nearest enemy performing a strike. (Spend a Jar’kai sphere to pull the blade into your hand after a strike.)


Jar’Kai Djem Shien
Cost: N/A
Type: Stance, Passive
Mins: NIman 2, Dex 5 Melee/MA 4, FS 4
Prereq: Jar’Kai Dynamo Mastery, Shien-So Stance
Allows you to adopt a hybrid stance crossing into the aggressive Shien Variant of Djem So. After purchasing this charm you may adopt and perform techniques in the Form V Shien Variant tree, This does not count as a change in form stance. You may purchase the Djem Shien-So techniques substituting the Djem So requirement for your level in Niman.


 Jar’Kai Dynamo Style Mastery
Cost: --
Type:Passive
Mins: Niman 2, Dex 5 Melee/MA 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Hybrid techniques from Djem Shien-So do not suffer from the “all out attack” penalty. 




Jar’Kai Attunement
Cost:  Passive
Mins:  Niman 2 , Int 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:  (allows crafting of attunement spheres)
Keywords:  Non-combat
Duration:  (non-Combat) 1 cast per hour
Prerequisite Techniques:none
Die pool. (Niman + Serenity/Hate)
With this Charm the practitioner may make an extended crafting roll to create a mental Jar’kai attunement token. The practitioner generates spheres equal to the number of successes on this technique's die pool. This token is not a physical object and any difficulty sphere may be created (and even given to other practitioners who know this technique). Your maximum number of attunement tokens is equal to you (Int+Niman+1)/2. The amount of time needed to create a single attunement sphere is equal to (1 hour/Niman).  These spheres are treated as Niman’s “Tokens”.


Jar’Kai Conniption
Cost:  6 FP
Mins:  Niman 2 , Int 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:  Simple
Keywords: Telegraph
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms:Jar’Kai Attunement
The practitioner places two fingers to his temple and swells with forceful power. With this charm the practitioner no longer treats the use of force powers as a break in form when he spends one attunement token. Your maximum token pool is increased to (Int+Niman)


Jar’Kai Dynasty Form
Cost:  12 FP
Mins:  Niman 3 , Int 5, Force sensitivity 3
Type:  Reflexive/Instant
Keywords:  Telegraph
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms:Jar’Kai Conniption
Activating this technique alerts your opponent to your style. Knowing this technique means You may now use the force without breaking form in any style for this scene. Activate Jar’kai Conniption for each force power that you wish to use during combat without a form break as you declare it. Uses of Force Powers must be done  You no longer need to use Jar’Kai Conniption for each cast of a force power while in form, Instead, only cast Jar’Kai Conniption when casting a “new” category of force power while in form. (i.e all casts of Force Push in style cost 1 Sphere, Speed 1 sphere etc.)


Jar’Kai Symphony Mastery
Cost:  1 attunement sphere(s) , 2 FP
Mins:  Niman 4, Int 5, Force Sensitivity 3
Type:  Supplemental
Keywords:  Telegraph
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms:Jar’Kai Conniption, Jar’Kai Dynasty
The symphony of the force flows through the practitioner as they breath the brittle air of the Rancor Style. While active This charm lets you have attunement spheres equal to your Int x Niman. With each breath the practitioner takes they draw from the energy of combat allowing them to perform Jar’kai Attunement Each time they perform Jar’Kai Conniption without spending the time to meditate. 



Rancor Stance
Cost: N/A
Mins: Niman 4, Int 5, FS 5
Type: Stance
Keywords: Telegraph, Rancor
Duration: 5 ticks
Adopt the Rancor Stance to shrug off costs associated with use of force powers in Rancor type Techniques. 

Rancor’s Rebuke
Cost:  10 FP 
Mins:  Niman 4 , Int 5, FS 5
Type:  Simple, Rancor
Keywords: Telegraph
Duration: 6 ticks
Prerequisite: Jar’Kai Symphony Mastery, Jar’Kai Dynamo Mastery
The Rancor style Rebuke strike is a strike that allows the caster to trigger a Force Push against an opponent or use a Force Power of GM’s approval to infuse their weapon with the power of a single kinetic force power to be cast when the strike is successfully parried or when the target is struck, This Force Push may be resisted normally. This strike must be stunted. 

Blade-swallowing Epiphany Strike
Cost: 22 FP + 1 Channel*(Gm discretion)
Mins: Niman 4, Int 5, FS 5, Athletics 5
Type: AOE Strike, Rancor
Keywords: Telegraph, Saber Throw
Duration: 7 Ticks
Prerequisite: Rancor’s Rebuke, Lightsaber Throw, Force Jump, Force Pull, Force Repulse
The duelist ascends in a brilliant splash of color as the force propels them upwards to the maximum height of their Force Jump placing them above their opponents. All opponents within 2 hexes are pulled into the adjacent hexes of where the duelist used to be, and are flurried at by the duelists' lightsabers at their maximum rate. After all strikes have resolved a Force Repulse is cast at the hex of the duelist activation of this technique. All force powers are resisted normally, and the caster may place themselves at any location within range of their force jump.

Rancor’s Tearing Execution
Cost: 25 FP + 1 WP
Mins: Niman 5, Int 5, Wits 5, FS 5, Control 5, (Dark II/ Light II)
Type: Execution, Rancor
Keywords: Telegraph
Duration: 7 Ticks
Prerequisites: Blade-swallowing Epiphany Strike, Force Telekinesis, Lightsaber Throw
When an enemy is reduced to 0 Aitizen (or they are out of form), the duelist may execute his target with this technique by:
Initiating a Telekinetic Grab against his opponent, If successful they may then Initiate a Wits+Control vs. Strength+Resistance contest against his opponent where they may:
Dark: Remove with a single Telekinetic attack removing any and all Armor or Protections that may provide soak to their opponent in a single violent motion.
Light: Target their opponents lightsaber(s) and with a twist of their mind reduce it to twisted scrap. Disarming their opponent
Finally, the duelist may:
Dark: Plunge their lightsaber into the chest of their levitating opponent, If this attack does damage, that damage kills your opponent on Tick 7 of that turn regardless of the result of a damage roll.
Light: Slam their opponent into the ground or opposing solid objects reducing them to incapacitated health levels. 
All force techniques executed in this technique may be resisted normally, If the opponent breaks free at any time during this technique they incur all the negative effects of failed contests up until they broke out. 

Zealous Nebula Technique
Cost: 27 FP + 1 WP
Mins: Niman 5, Int 5, Wits 5, Athletics 5,FS 5
Type: Simple, Rancor
Duration: 6 Ticks
Prerequisites: Rancor’s Execution, Force Speed, Force Repulse, Force Jump
The Duelist draws a line up to the maximum of their move while Force Speed is active in any orientation on the battlefield, Place up to Alter points along that line where a Force Repulse effect will be centered and then designate a single point up to the range of their Force Jump away to place themselves after completion of their attack run. 

Mind-Bending Asymmetry Saber Throw
Cost: 27 FP + 1 WP
Mins: Niman 5, Int 5, Wits 5, FS 6
Type: Rancor, Simple
Keywords: Telegraph
Duration: 6 ticks
Prerequisites: Zealous Nebula Tech, Saber Throw, Force Speed, Force Telekinesis
The duelist creates a shimmering apparition of the Force Speed technique around the form of their lightsaber(s) as they take off striking up to Control separate targets in the scene striking at their maximum rate.


Vorum Earth-splitter Strike
Cost: 27 FP + 1 Channel (gm discretion) + 1 Attunement Sphere
Mins: Niman 5, Int 6, Wits 5, FS 6
Type: Rancor, Simple, All-out
Duration: 8 Ticks
Keywords: Telegraph
Prerequisites: Force Shatterpoint, Force Wave, Force Jump
The Duelist jumps into the air and strikes the ground at a shatterpoint with unnatural force opening Alter hex holes in the ground that penetrate Control meters in depth. All Targets in the scene make a dex check to keep their feet or they are thrown into the air. All surrounding structures make a “resistance check” at a difficulty equal to the Duelists Alter+Niman, or they are shaken, damaged or destroyed at GM discretion. Every target within Niman hex radius of this technique takes Niman damage that cannot be soaked, Niman D6 Bashing damage that can be soaked, and Control aggravated damage that may be soaked, each damage effect must be soaked seperately. 


The Rancor’s Claw’s
Cost: X*5 FP + X Attunement Sphere(s)
Mins: Niman 6, Int 6, Wits 6, FS 6, Control 5, Alter 5, Sense 5
Type: Sphere-Wielding, Supplemental, Rancor
Duration: 1 tick to equip sphere
Keywords: Telegraph
Prerequisites: Jar’Kai Symphony Mastery, Vorum Earth Splitter, Jar’Kai Dynamo Mastery
The duelist manifests a shimmering meditation sphere(s) to their sides as a weapon in Kai Kan whose stats are:
 Spd: 6 - (FS-5), Min 0
 Rate: 2 + (FS - 5), Min 0
 Acc: (MA/Me + Alter)
 Dam: Alter+Control
 Def: Sense
The duelist may wield up to two of these spheres exclusively as weapons or in conjunction with their lightsaber and use it as a weapon in Kai Kan. Additionally the duelist may “project” these spheres and a projectile weapon and have them manifest as nearly any force power of their choosing (GM Discretion) when they strike their target. Using a Sphere in this way consumes the sphere and the duelist must resummon their sphere to their hand to use it as a weapon again. The activation times for force powers still apply but may be paid in advance by holding an action with the attunement spheres appendage until ready to cast. (You may not cast or prepare more than one force power per tick)


The Sliver-mirror Technique
Cost: 22 FP + 1 WP + 1 Attunement Sphere
Mins: Niman 6, Int 7, Wits 6, FS 6
Type: Reflexive, Defensive, Force Power Targeting, Sphere-wielding
Duration: Instantaneous
Keywords: Telegraph
Prerequisites: Rancors Claw


The duelist may target any Force Power used against them or an ally during combat and “capture” it in their attunement sphere to be used at another time with the rolled statistics for the power when it was cast. 

The duelist targets a Force power with their attunement sphere and throws or places their sphere into its path by rolling Wits+Control at a difficulty equal to the successes equal to the successes used to cast the power in a quick contest. If they succeed they now have a copy of the cast power in their sphere to be used as a normal attack action, they need not pay the cost associated with the power to use it. 


Rancor’s Formlicking Hex
Cost: 25 FP + Channel + Attunement Sphere
Mins: Niman 6, Int 7, Wits 6, FS 6, Control 6, Alter 6
Type: Defensive Supplemental, Reflexive, Rancor
Keywords: Telegraph
Duration: 1 tick
Prerequisites: Sliver Mirror Technique
The duelist’s blade moves with dominance through the battlefield as they predict a block an opponent’s attack, binding an attunement sphere to their target's spirit. Target a single opponent, When you next parry or defend against an attack from that opponent, Roll your War+Niman resisted by your opponents War+(Current Style lvl). If you win this quick contest. Your opponent is afflicted with an attunement sphere imbued with the Rancor’s Hex, The next time your blades next connect that opponent loses advantage, Additionally, the next time an opponent gains OR loses advantage Or disadvantage the duelist may pay the cost for this technique and reflexively burst the attunement sphere inside the opponent granting them advantage and loosing a force power of your choosing centered on their hex that they may not roll resistance to nor soak. 

Rancor’s Formlicking Projection
Cost: 20 FP + 1 Channel*+ X Attunement Sphere(s)
Mins: Niman 6, Int 7, Wits 7, FS 6
Keywords: Telegraph
Type: Buff, Simple
Prerequisites: Rancors Formlicking Hex
Duration: Scene or until cancelled
Grant advantage to up to X allies in Kai Kan.


Niman Mastery
Cost: N/A
Mins: Niman 7, Intelligence 8, Wits 8, FS 7, WP>10
Type: Mastery
Prereq: All Rancor, Jar’Kai Dynamo, Corbex-sho, and Jar’Kai Symphony Style Techniques
You have achieved Mastery of the Twin Trinities Form of Lightsaber Combat. You may now use Attunement Spheres in any other Kai Kan Stance. Stepping into Niman from any other Form stance removes advantage from all opponents and grants advantage to all allies. You may now learn the Mastery Style of Niman - The Breath of the Twin Trinities.





BReath Of the Twin Trinities Style

Breath of The Twin Trinities
Cost:  3 FP per blade not wielded by a limb (otherwise no cost to wield another blade)
Mins:  Niman Mastery
Type:  Simple,Twin Trinity
Keywords:  Alt-Wield, Telegraph
Duration:  Scene
The Practitioner may purchase levels of this technique equal to his level in the Niman style to a maximum of six. (no practitioner may wield more than the perfect number of six telekinetic blades) If his levels in Niman exceed the number of limbs he has to wield lightsabers he may spend 1d6 FP per tick to wield another blade up to his level in this technique with which he may attack during combat so long as he maintains control of the blade with the force. Each blade must obey its own stats as far as speed and damage go. IF the practitioner is simply wielding a number below or equal to his number of limbs he needn't pay force points to control the blade unless he releases it to be wielded by his mind. The range at which each blade may be wielded is limited by your level in this multiplied by your level in NIman. A Practitioner may also not wield a number of blades greater than the lower of either his Intelligence or Martial Arts/Melee. As long as the practitioner is wielding a number of lightsabers above his number of limbs he may not switch stances or make dash actions, either of these counts as a break in form. The PDV of the duelist is whichever single or pair of blades he designates as the defending weapon. 
The duelist will cast this ability at the beginning of combat and this counts as an activation of Niman. 


The Trinities Wake Flurry
Cost:  3 FP/extra attack/lightsaber
Mins:  Niman Mastery
Type: Supplemental, Twin Trinity
Keywords:  Telegraph
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms:Breath of the Twin Trinities
This charm allows you to flurry at the rate of the lightsaber while it is being telekinetically wielded for 3 FP per attack beyond a single attack. (may be activated more than once per turn up to a maximum of your number of wielding limbs per target.) For each lightsaber not wielded by a limb you must activate this charm to flurry. 




Trinities Beholding Meditation 
Cost:  12 FP
Mins: Niman Mastery
Type:  Reflexive, Twin Trinity
Keywords:  Telegraph
Duration:  Scene
Prerequisite Charms:Trinities Wake Flurry
As long as NIman is your highest rated lightsaber style, you may now ignore the requirement that you may not make acrobatic or dash attacks when using Twin Trinity techniques. You may also now activate this charm to dynamically swap out any given defensive saber or pair of sabers as long as they have not flurried on your turn and compute your new PDV as the value from those sabers defense values. Additionally, the cost to wield each consecutive telesaber is reduced to 1 FP/tick after casting this technique. 


The Garden of the Twin Trinities
Cost:  12 FP
Mins:  Niman Mastery, Sense (Sabers Wielded), Control (Sabers Wielded) 
Type:  Scene, Twin Trinity
Keywords:  Scene, Telegraph
Duration:  Scene, Until Cancelled or Form Broken.
Prerequisite Charms:Trinities Beholding Meditation
Ignores the Flurry limitation of Trinity Wake Flurry. Allows the User to wield lightsabers equal to his Niman X Intelligence.
 


Xendor’s Retribution
Cost:  36 FP + Channel* 
Mins: Niman and Djem So Mastery
Type:  Grandmaster
Keywords: Telegraph, Stance, Scene
Duration:  5 Ticks
Prerequisite Charms:All Form V and Form VI Techniques
This charm counts as an activation of the Taking Matters into my own Fists, Fists, Fire and Steps of the Krayt Dragon in Djem So and the Jar’Kai Symphony, Rancor and Breath of the Twin Trinity Style form charms simultaneously. Allows usage of Techniques from either forms respective styles while active all respective Form-style limitations apply, You may choose which of the two Form stances (V or VI) you are in as a reflexive action. This action does not suffer from the Reflexive Technique limitation.