FORM IV ATARU
The Way of the Hawk Bat

Most of the techniques in the Ataru form require significant acrobatic skill. Failure or botching an acrobatic stunt will cause you to sacrifice Aitizen equivalent to 1-3D6 or the difficulty of the failed stunt depending on GM ruling. *Asterisk marked techniques must be stunted. 

Ataru provides a passive buff to Speed.

Advantage: While striking with advantage Ataru Duelists add their Ataru to their DDV while acrobatically stunting.Ataru duelists win ties while they are in stance for All purposes. Ataru Duelists striking from advantage ignore soak of opponents with Disadvantage while stunting. 

Disadvantage: Ataru duelists with disadvantage lose the passive bonus to their Speed and all techniques proceed at default speed according to their keyword.

Form Bonus: Ataru Stylists have a passive increase to their speed and DDV in form stance.

Tokens are generated in Ataru by successfully dealing Aitizen Damage to  opponents with Disadvantage.


Ataru Variant   Jinrai -Sho 

Jinrai-Sho is a highly exotic, fast, inverted grip, single or dual saber-shoto or tonto style of Form IV lightsaber combat. Historically, Jinrai was invented by a unique coalition of assassins and Jedi Rangers. Defending against techniques from this style are notoriously difficult as all movements in Jinrai-sho are blended into a tapestry of unnaturally fast and apparently unbalanced motion by the styles natural confluent use of Force Speed. Jinrai attacks are quick, brutal, and incredibly difficult to execute. Requiring years or decades to master. Jinrai Style is incompatible with and cannot be performed with any kind of armor that provides soak.


Simple attack and Flurries in the Jinrai Style Ataru stance force defenders to treat all defenses as a quick contest die-pool DV vs. Duelists Attack pool. Gaining successes greater than those rolled in the attack are the only way to Parry or Dodge successfully. Conversely, the duelist must similarly roll “quick-contest” active defenses to incoming strikes. Jinrai-Sho type strikes are incompatible with Hawk-bat Styles stances.